>> Brian Holt: This is
gonna be your project, but
I'm gonna help you get started today.
>> Speaker 2: Question on this.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: What is the Ajax then?
>> Brian Holt: The Ajax is the actual,
it's like the Fetch part.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: When you are doing
Fetch you are doing Ajax.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So
this is the newer way of doing it.
There was an old way that was
9000 times more complicated.
I have to copy and paste stuff
every single time I had to do it.
Fetch came out, maybe, it was
probably was invented 8 years ago but
we could really only use it like 4 or
5 years ago.
It made this like tons easier.
Yeah, when you're doing
Fetch your doing Ajax.
So the next thing we're gonna
be doing is I want you to,
I wanna show you a little bit how to read
API documentation because that's something
inevitably you're gonna have to do if
you're gonna be doing anything like this.
They're actually quite impressed
with their documentation
because it's not always this good.
Here it says like, hey, if you request
this it's gonna look something like this.
And actually, this one, it literally
shows you what it's gonna look like.
>> Brian Holt: So in fact,
if you just copy and paste this,
this little URL right here,
you get all of these dogs back.
And some of them have breeds and
sub breeds.
For now, you can just go ahead and
ignore the sub breeds.
We're just gonna focus on the breeds,
just like the overarching breeds.
>> Brian Holt: I don't think they
even have harmonies on here.
That's what Luna is.
She's a harmonies and
that's very important.
I feel like you need to know that.
Anyway, so what we're gonna do here for
the exercise,
>> Brian Holt: I
want you to make something like that.
And then up here is a drop down of
all the various dog breeds that
you're gonna have to get from the API.
And then whenever I select one
of these like a Pomeranian,
it'll change this to show
you a little Pomeranian.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that dog doesn't look happy.
[LAUGH] So I'm gonna show
you a couple of things here.
So one of the things I want you to work on
cuz I think they are cool is notice that
whenever I change this is
a little dog spinner, right?
That's kinda cool, right?
It's just an emoji that I have a CSS
animation that just makes it rotate.
That's all it is.
So we're gonna show you a couple things.
So you're able to do that.
>> Brian Holt: So we're gonna have
you first request a list of all
breeds from the API.
What you're gonna do is that's
gonna give you back this, right,
all of these various breeds.